here to Alex Rodriguez Ale good
evening I'm going to kill you you told me at
three thirty in the afternoon
no something like that I was smoking a really big joint man I
mean I talked to you before and I
said nine thirty is better for you
and you told me no at 10 and I
got up with my Holy game and I
opened at 9:30 I'm sleeping and I just got
up because of course I
start working at three thirty in
the morning and literally it arrives at two
in the afternoon I say Let me sleep for an hour
and I just got up with your message already
connect and I'll say what But if I am no
no I told you no rush man I
told you no rush that I was here
while please Look at me so we can
talk something coherent
well man delighted to be here
with you And thank you very much for stopping
by here How are you Well well well
waking up I'm not very happy the
truth is that it's been a very very
intense week and you know
and nothing still waking up a little from the of the of
the  what happened the other day with
sálvame
returning to work and with a thousand
things on top of me no Well let's put a
little context for people so they can get to
know you and so on Alex
Rodriguez is a person who has been
working with Ana Rosa for many years
and as a correspondent for Telecinco in several
countries no Alex
has cut off our Alex there he comes back there he came back here I am
here he is I was asking you I
was saying that you have been
working for Ana Rosa for many years and
as a correspondent for Telecinco in many
countries no I mean he is connecting with
Paris with Italy with everywhere No
look, I started with La Rosa
many years ago I think I was 20 I'm
38 now and in Ana Rosa in their production company I
was already with 21 years old or so
right and with them I did a lot I did
several projects and then and then they
took me to the parent program of the
production company at that time it was
quartz which is the program Ana Rosa and yes I
was there for like ten seasons and
because if you're 38 you're from my age
you're from 85
exactly I
see them as something from another life
literally  eh I feel like my life
passed by in a flash I mean I swear I
live at a pace that I feel like I'm
going a thousand kilometers an hour I mean
for me it was yesterday when I started
working with Ana Rosa and that
after her I mean look I
was obviously working in Madrid
there there with her and And that day when she
was also her person when I said
goodbye to her we both cried and the
whole story because in the end the
Rosa program was my school and I'm
very grateful to all of them and I feel like
that was yesterday and I've been
in Miami for almost eight years So you're from you
're from Madrid no I'm from Tarifa I'm from the
Canary Islands and
well you haven't lost I was going to
tell you but you haven't lost your accent like
well you haven't lost it it has a bit
you know when when I went to
study England from England I
stayed in Madrid I was in Madrid for about
10 and 15 years or so And when I
worked in Madrid at Telecinco I tried
to neutralize the accent a bit which is
something that was common in the past there was the the one that
for us  they could see what we
were For example you are Andalusian
no Yes so that they dress us well at a
national level well we have to neutralize
the accent a little because it was common otherwise
the directors would look at you a little strange
no and I felt that speaking of being
Canarian I was not going to have the same
opportunities as suddenly someone who was
born in Madrid and
And well, I neutralized a little the
accent that at the time criticized me a lot
and I spoke like you know Ana
Rosa Good morning and
then nothing and then with the passing of the
years when you already gain a little
credibility and when you finally
gain a little bit of a name within
the profession you already say [ __ ] it I mean the
best thing we have in Spain the
richest thing is our culture the
difference in accents and but normally
when you when you are outside
your city, for example, since I have been
here for seven eight years on the internet
when when you see my videos from the
beginning I have an Andalusian but very
closed, I mean in fact many people
when they listened to me from Latin America if they did
not understand me and I have gone without wanting to or I mean I have
not done it on purpose
neutralizing a little more  But
after so many years you still have that
very pretty accent, it's very pretty
when you were like a rose you
change it a little so that you can be
understood and to reach as
comfortably as possible all corners
of Spain but look when I came
and in fact I lost a little bit of El Canario and
when I came to the United States where the
public that watches us is Hispanic public from
all over Latin America who in their day
emigrated here to the United States there I
realized how lucky I was, how
lucky I was to be so, so big for
the fact of being Canarian Because all
Latinos have some link with Los
Canarios or just like with Galicians
they have some roots there and the
fact of being Canarian means
that in the end the accent at the end of
Spanish doesn't sound so, so, so strong
it's very rare for Spaniards who are
lucky on television in the United
States to go yes it is very, very rare in
fact I think that here there are only two
people that I know of who work in
television in the United States I say in
front of in front of the camera behind There are a
lot of bosses  and very very
dear people but it's very strange because the
accent for them is very very strong
however it appears there And then they
tell me Uy it seems Venezuelan it seems Cuban it
seems like I don't know what And there I have
really managed to make a niche for myself and a and a
found the Niche there thanks to the
Canary Islands thing Yes because you are reaching
quite far No not there well I
was eight years in sulta la sopa
on Telemundo it was a stroke to it was the
number one entertainment show on
Telemundo and suddenly one day to the next it
ends Also the program was doing very well I
think it was an agreement I don't know
if economic whatever for which they
had to cancel it and from there I
went to the competition and that's where I am
now at Univision which is the
number one channel in the entire
Spanish-speaking United States and there I was in the in the in the
longest-running program in the
history of the United States called
el gordo y la flaca and from there I was
a little bit of a brake and from there I became that
whoever can which is the
sálvame una like the living room of the United
States a program that they give daily to
at one in the afternoon, two in the
afternoon and there I am one of the
hosts on the in the in the
number one what happened what happened
something on the stage is collapsing
the one you're on now is a kind I've been
watching it because on YouTube yes I
uploaded it in case there are a lot of people who
ask me a lot but you can see on
YouTube the program that is in the one you
're on now I've been watching Today I saw an
entire episode the Friday one I
saw it in its entirety yes the thing is that it airs on
Univision for example it airs on
Univision today at one in the afternoon yes and
twenty-four hours later you have it
on YouTube because you realize that the
program is not only seen by the entire United
States but I'm lucky that
all of Latin America has also bought it
So as there are really those who pay for it it's
a vision is in the United States
So in the afternoon at night They
air on other Latin American channels
that buy it and what we do is
give YouTube twenty-four hours to
upload it there so that people who
see it a little later well or from
other countries also for example who
want to enjoy it and  otherwise we are not
on Venevisión which is the number one channel
in Venezuela we are on
Ecuavisa in Ecuador we are or rather we are
lucky that they can be seen everywhere
when they are already broadcast everywhere it is
when they are uploaded to YouTube twenty-four
hours later and because at 1 in the afternoon
there the schedules are different from here I
imagine no
Yes at one in the afternoon people are already
eaten and
here they are not I mean it's
as if it were after
lunch Exactly here we have to keep
the people
up here here it depends on the area and it is
very similar to Sálvame or rather the same type
of content spontaneity naturalness
the collaborators suddenly fight among themselves
Well Sálvame really
or very or very loved or very dear or quite
the opposite I personally believe that
they have formed from the beginning in the
end they made a way of making
television that did not exist and you have to
give them all the credit in the world they have
created what I believe is the
naturalness of television No, that of standing
there as if they were at home and
eating that is very complicated because everyone
when we make television
suddenly  like we changed And we
started talking differently and they and
they gave it like that naturalness and
I always admired him too much and when
Suelta la sopa ended,
this program that I tell you was a reference of
heartfelt showbiz, we have the
heart of all of Latin America,
when it ended, the executive producer of
Suelta la sopa who is also my manager
always For a year we always
talked about doing things like sálvame
and I don't know what And suddenly one day he came to me and
said You know I already have it and I believe This
program called sit down who
can inspired without a doubt in everything that
he and I talked about in the living room Yes, I mean you
could say that it's an
inspiration to sálvame of course the
only difference is that to
give it a little bit of excitement we tell it that it
's a reality show of collaborators of
panelists as they say so
basically it's a fight to see who
gives the best information and the one who has
n't been up to par, let's say on
Friday we say well you haven't been up to par
the public has decided that
this week you're going to leave, you're going to leave of
course  that's what I didn't understand
when I saw your website
because now it's like a nominations
like Big Brother exactly I didn't understand
Friday because the truth is that those of us who
do television daily when we're not
on screen it's something that
really hurts us So the ego
doesn't bother you you know So it's basically what
the
executive producer Carlos Mesver came up with is that or rather I'm
going to punish you you're going to go to the Corner of
the Punished you
spend a week you're going to be the whole
following week in the Corner of the
Punished and to come back you have to bring back
an exclusive a bombshell and then the
Jury a specialized Jury of
journalists are going to decide if you're fit
or not to return which in my case
last week they did expel me
and taking advantage of the fact that the Sálvame people were there they
put the Sálvame people as the
Jury and María Patiña told me I
love you very much but I don't want me to come
back I mean but you're among the
nominees too Yes all four of us
with the five drivers are all
included and until you get an
exclusive you can't come back  Yeah, it
has its thing. Uh so I imagine
that these people how long have they gone, they've gone a
couple of days, no or three, no, the
boys went, they went on Thursday and
Friday, Thursday they went it was Belén
Esteban who was wonderful who was
here with Hernández and who else was there There
were four, let's see it was Belén
Víctor Sandoval and Kiko Matamoros And then
on Friday it was Kiko Hernández María
Patiño and who else was Ichelo García Cortés
And what about
me, the truth is that what they are I
love them a lot for all the years
that I worked at Telecinco and Because also
what I mean I loved what what they
did how they did it then it was that
it was a tremendous mess as
we say around here it was look I was saying
my God, this is going to get here to a
program from the United States where we are
talking about people from the United States who are
successful at the Hispanic level but no longer have any
idea of ​​the people we are going to
talk about and suddenly we start talking
about a character that we talk about here
every day
and that is called Jenny Rivera or rather about
everything about Jenny Rivera's family Jenny
Rivera is the character the
Riberas family are like there suddenly the
Flores you know I mean okay every day
on television and that lady in her day I don't
know if you know died in a
plane crash it was something very famous and suddenly
her children are the ones who have had the ones who
have recovered a little of her legacy and we
start to talk about the subject Jenny Rivera
up and down and she says and Raise your
hand Belén and let's see wait because I think
that the daughter hasn't done well when it comes to
this and that and because I
think that the children have divided
the inheritance more because Lupillo And then
Juan and I say but And how is that possible
then I start to discover
well
Wait they are already starting to
call me because they know that I am okay I
say no the connection no then
or so Belén Esteban tells me that her
daughter Andrea is in Los Angeles that I did
n't know because she is not studying I don't
watch Spanish television or because I am
here stuck in the United States and and she
tells me that she is studying there so
when she goes to those that
through her daughter she knows the  showbiz the
heart world of Los Angeles and the United
States and when she went to Los
Angeles she went to visit the places
where Jenni Rivera moved and performed and
that she is obsessed with Jenni Rivera and
her daughter Chiqui who is a super
influencer from the United States in total
I was incredibly surprised they talked about
a lot of people who are famous
there and not in Spain
and then
Javi also caught my attention a lot
that here we are
a bit used to a Well, always talking well about the
famous I mean the truth is that
here they are very respected I mean no no he
beats around the bush and let's say I am tougher
but I am but when I criticize the famous
because I have a character there like well well well well really
tough but
when I criticize it always
judging a little bit professionally no and
based on facts really but when
suddenly we asked here
Fernández to Chelo García Cortés and
María Patiño we asked her about
who it was for Paulina Rubio and Shakira I
have seen the part of Shakira no that
Kiko Hernández put on So as a
mother she has treated us well  given
example but but I was thinking about
Paulina Rubio when suddenly you have
here with Hernandez Well the other day she
was in Spain with sunglasses in a
bit of a state you know and and what would it be
that you're home that I see her old
and I see her such and my partner like
saying that what is she saying please
that we just invited Mrs.
Paulina Rubio we just invited her to
some awards or I mean how is it possible that they
make with such naturalness those those
messages those those comments that you
often hear is what we all think
but one is very careful about making those
types of comments on television
so well they were a little
more aggressive than there I mean more
aggressive than you guys usually are I
mean and then the Paulina Rubio issue you'll
see on Netflix because obviously
they were doing a show for
Netflix a program
promoting the like guys
and clicking the like button they
called you Hey no no no they haven't called me I do
n't know why the signal dropped this happens it shouldn't it shouldn't it shouldn't
But well don't
worry nothing's happening well quickly
there's someone out there on Facebook who
doesn't like what we're  counting on
YouTube is YouTube
Hey,
well, the Shakira thing, you'll see
what I was explaining to you is that
obviously I brought them as guests on
my television show But they
came with the entire Netflix team
for Exactly for that program that they
are preparing to be a reality that they
are preparing for Netflix and the
Shakira thing was very good because what
you saw on the show It had
continuity then in advertising
when we went on a
commercial break there was a tremendous commotion
between my colleagues and those from Sálvame You'll
see I imagine reality but they
said everything to each other I have a video of yes yes yes yes
yes it was a little strong
doing
well seriously María Patiño María Patiño
told my partner that he was a
sexist I don't know if he was putting on a
show or what but we were all there So
this is a sexist that There are certain
comments that you can't make because
basically what we were
explaining to Patiño is that
beyond the great professional that
Shakira is, we didn't understand why she had
made a song with Piqué's name
talking like that about the father of  her children and
well it seems that it didn't sit well with her that that
is a sexist comment
how is it possible that here on
television here comments are made
So it was Piqué's fault for putting
a woman in his children's house
for a very long time and well it was
a very tense conversation that I
imagine you will see on Netflix that
the production of my
show had to intervene to say please gentlemen stop
this can't be allowed and and the
whole story Oh of course she has
now become like very feminist
and very you know
here in, for example, I am very critical
of Shakira and she comes down on me very hard
But I am very critical in that sense
on the issue of so many songs, so much from the
breast, taking the children to where she is
singing because there in the United States she
has taken to many programs, I
was watching it on tiktok, it's not like she has
taken the fixers to many programs to
sing the father's song to
criticize the father and I do not defend Piqué I do
not like
Piqué either, for example, she takes him to this
show she has with ibai about soccer and
in front of the children they are doing
cenidades also I don't like
Neither of the two but it's true that
Shakira is more protected because she has
many followers she is very eager you know
that
I have spoken about Shakira on
television in the United States Yes but
especially when I speak almost every
day as a correspondent in the United States
for Mediaset in the Mediaset programs
there for Spain you continue no yes yes I
continue as a correspondent for Mediaset
here which is something that I love because
despite the fact that it causes me
terrible stress because I am here involved in the
production of the program because apart from
being one of the hosts I am a producer
of the program
day after day and suddenly they call me at
noon please in fifteen
minutes Tell me about the latest thing that just
happened with Shakira Then I go
to the bathroom and I comb my hair like this and I put on
any shirt and I put the camera
like I am now in my
office and I connect but imagine in the
middle of the stress there are times when I am
doing my program in the United States and I
tell them please give me the floor in six
minutes that I go to commercial and in
commercials I go to my  dressing room I log in
and go back to mine I mean you don't believe
how nobody knows this and
Ah well well that's why I make a lot of
comments about Shakira and now I've realized
Yesterday I realized that there's
a brutal campaign against me on tiktok I
mean about Shakira and then they've put
more there they've put like phrases
that I've said about Shakira that I love her
madly because she's an artist
that I've listened to a thousand times
wherever I am and But it seems that There are
certain comments that I've made about
what she's done judging what she's already
done because I have
every right to do so because I'm a
gossip journalist and and there's a
campaign against me that you put Alex
Rodríguez Shakira on tiktok and it appears
let's veto him we don't want to see him they're
very radical The Followers are very very
very fanatic let's see what is understood in the
end I think that so many I mean when they
are artists without being so so big they have
people who love them above
any mistake or anything you see you
understand that there are people who go overboard
criticizing but while it is a
criticism with respect no Then
to her own team who said it the other
day Shakira even her own team went to
her and said Hey don't do it this isn't
going to open anything well for you don't release that
song with bizarrap and even so She said
Yes I'm going to release it so in the end her
team saw that it was something that wasn't going to be
good for her and I feel that no
that despite how great she is that I
love her I repeat it to you I
feel that there are things
that she did that are not necessary and that well already cousin obviously The wanting to do it The wanting to send that message The wanting to monetize and very well over there but and she released more she released more songs I mean I don't even know how many there have been in between
there are some that go with chicks and
others that are dedicated but I think that
people have already gotten the message
But well Yes I think that she doesn't turn the page
now now precisely
something else has happened they have reopened an
investigation for another case of
tax issues and Treasury issues let's see
what she says now but come on I
think she has it complicated I think she
has it complicated
the news came last Thursday
last Thursday they were supposed to be with
Shakira at some awards shows in Puerto Rico
which are the youth awards organized by
Univision organized by the television station
that I work for and just
last Thursday the news was Hey, I'm, I'm
going to do a special on the awards in
Puerto Rico
Shakira we're going to take advantage of that to
ask her to congratulate her for everything she
was achieving and we just counted
how lucky we were that in the morning they called me
from Telecinco and they said Hey, they're going to
investigate her for the
2018 tax exercises in addition to the ones she
already had and it's another procedure and yes and
what she did was that in the end the
press couldn't get too close to
Shakira that day of course I'm sure she would have
known beforehand obviously
Well no lie lie you were also
going to tell you the logical ones that you didn't know
beforehand but apparently it has been
leaked to the press that she
and her own lawyers
Ana Rosa on Thursday I think it was that she
intervenes with them I told them
because I think she had already been in
Barcelona that same week
Last week she was in  Barcelona and I think because of
something related to the race or and it had been leaked
somewhere that he had gone to visit his
lawyer and that's why I understood that now he
would have told him but I don't think there is
a statement from the prosecutor's office where they
say that and I think that the colleagues from the
program La Rosa said how they had
found out through the press like here they
had come in through the press that it is something
a bit strong no Hey How and how how do
you see this issue of the closed Channel
Sálvame because you think that you have
come to know them in person all of them no
there has been many years working here
How have you lived when you are aware of
La Movida that suddenly one day to the next
chape in the Sálvame now that You have
also lived with them a bit as they are
and you have worked with them you have seen the
fronts of the way in which you
work to How do they work
Well look at
what question they were a bit in
shock I asked all the
guys from the salon about this and I was a bit
in shock Because if it is true that in the
end it is a program that although we have
been on screen for a long time, it
is a program that continued working and
a lot  and that was a reference for
many people but but it is also
understandable Javi that in the end some
new executives come to a channel that want to
change the image the structure of the
Channel. For example, it happened to me with
Telemundo in Telemundo there were a
lot of lifelong programs that
were brands that that that that
made the name of Telemundo very
big and suddenly the new
executives come and they changed everything because in the
end they want to put programs
created by them and and bets of them
no and not of the previous Maybe the
president then well I understand that it
is a strategy of the Channel and that is
super respectable and
and in the end it is a private channel and after
doing whatever they want beyond what we like or what
we do
n't like then I am sure that
behind this there will surely be an
important strategy on the part of the executives
not from Mediaset and And if I am honest with you
The only thing I want is that in the end
the only important thing here is that the
colleagues do not lack work and and
later or sooner if not save me it will
be another another another another another program
with another name but well  but I know
how you saw it they seemed positive
about new projects or you saw them
dull
I saw them I feel like in the end Javi
is not like maybe like you I that
really despite the fact that we can
spend two decades doing
television or whatever it is it is a long
time but they have been live for a long time
and and those of us who do
television daily it
is so hard it is or rather it is that we do not
have a life so I think that
I feel like they were
also a little like or rather very
grateful for the opportunity that
El Salvador was but I imagine eh And
this is my personal opinion that they would
also be tired and that maybe
this is an opportunity tired of
being there every day for four hours
which must be very hard and I am
sure that they are going to interpret this
as a possibility of doing
new things to get out of that comfort zone I
am sure that the people who
host Salomé will already have
enough money to live relaxed the
next years and and I saw them as
positive a little tired on top of that they were
except for me they are coming to the United States
time change I saw them there as exhausted the
truth is that  I saw them very exhausted between
the time change and them
running from one place to another all the time. I think
today, Monday, they were going to Mexico to
record for four or five days in Mexico. Today they were
already leaving, the best of the month, of course, yesterday, I mean, they
recorded two days with you. Not
basically with you, like
other collaborators there, not there in the
middle of the set with you as if you
were collaborators, plus what
was recorded behind the cameras,
behind what you have with my uncle in the
commercials. And that, yes, but then I know
that they have been recording, it's that I don't
want to get involved in giving content that
they are recording because
in the end it is a job that
they are doing, a Salomé, and I am not
one to get involved in that. I will tell you what
I experienced with them. Because it
is also something that is public because my
program was on the air at that time.
But well, the rest of the days they have been
doing things in Miami that
I imagine you will see on the
reality show. I don't want to be there out of respect
for my colleagues. I
have some things that have been
cool to me, something that happens that I am going to wait for
Marina to come to
discuss them with her, but we have
Council we have parents are very
safe things very much of going up and down
there visiting the city and so on
But well okay today A curiosity
that has come to mind now
when we were talking about your program
when this one in which you work now has
maximum audience it is not as if it were
the sálvame But there not I mean it is the
number one Spanish-speaking channel in the
entire United States and from one to two in the
afternoon it is the leading program of that hour and
that translate a number there how is it you
know that no I do not want to bore you
either but here it is very complicated
the audience obviously is measured it is what they
give us all the audience reaches us
two days later
and it is a statistical data that they collect Well
also some
television devices that here for example I think there is one
in Spain who measures the audience you
suffer here it is Nealsen his name is and but
here making television Javi is super
complicated because
really I make television for all of the United
States and the United States It is the
size Apparently of Europe So
the public That is why I was telling you of course the
Hispanic public that is on the
east coast For example if you go to New
York you  You realize that the majority of the
Hispanic audience are
Dominicans, they are Puerto Ricans. If
you continue in the East zone but further
south
in Florida for example, there are
many Cubans, many Caribbean people, and already within the
United States and on the coast or towards
Los Angeles, San Diego, San Francisco, everything there is
are Mexicans, 80% of the
Hispanic audience in the United States are
Mexican. So you have to make a
television, a television program that
can keep the entire country, which is the
size of a continent, glued to it, so
what we do is play with
characters, in other words, we are constantly
in the content of the show, like I
already told you that I am a producer and I am very
involved in this, you have to keep the
entire audience of all
Hispanic nationalities interested,
so what I do is suddenly I put
Romeo Santos, he says he is someone who in
New York was on the East Coast, it is going to work
very well because he is Dominican, he is a
wonderful Dominican leader,
immediately I am going to put in a
character like the Riveras that I
mentioned before, Jenni Rivera, the family, I
am going to put in a theme, this that I know that Los
Angeles, where the majority of everyone is
Hispanics They are Mexicans I know
that Jenni Rivera will work very well there
so I put it start the
program with Romeo Santos I put something
about Jenni Rivera and then I go to a
character a little more international
that is known throughout the United States like
for example
Shakira a Shakira very good Shakira
So you are all the time
selling selling selling everything to
try to use making television in the
United States is very very very very very
complicated and
gratifying we are talking about
millions no I mean a program with maximum
audience we are talking in millions
Not here for example in programs with maximum
audience You know that maybe it is
two and a
half million two million already three million
for example crazy not that it happens
sometimes but well it is
Crazy Day so there it is much more no
Look for example here a program that
works very well in date Time or in other words
what is the day or for example Prime Maybe
you put it on and it does very well it
tells you that it is a million but that is a
statistical data that does not mean that
a million are watching you because in the
United States being watched by a million is
not good at all but let's say that the data
is  that they have collected from those
devices is a million and the daytime
Maybe it is at 200 300 300,000 but
that is only a statistical data
really behind that a lot more people watch you
and as I say also my program is
broadcast for example in all of
Latin America and that is
not even the highest So I am sure that there are millions and millions of viewers But obviously it is counted or rather what we value is that statistical data that some devices give us and I have never believed much in
that not even in those of Spain because it
is like well let's see It is that this is so
relative I can't imagine that it will be based on
something of course it will have its
for example of those thousand devices that
they Maybe well look well of the
thousand devices 80% watch you But that does not
mean that 80 people watch you maybe it
is 80 million
of course
and then a curious fact about the audience
has been united quickly It is that here it is
measured only or rather the public that is
really measured in terms of
audience is up to forty-five
years old so  what is it like that it is measured
only up to 45 years old then it is also
measured up to people who are a little
older but really the reliable data that
advertising companies look at and such
is up to 45 years old
here on this channel because I have other
channels on this channel we looked at it yesterday
I think it was 40% of my audience on
this channel was over 65
and television in the United States is the same
you think I mean you think that the people
who consume Hispanic television in the United
States are people who in their day
emigrated from Latin America to the United States
and who watch Hispanic television because
maybe they have not learned English yet or
because they do not know English so they tend to
be people a little bit of a Target a
little bit older because their children who no longer
do school in the United States go to school
in English and consume content in English
in English it
is complicated because you know that you are
making television for people a little
older but nevertheless they are
only valuing young people
So you have to offer
young content but maybe
older people do not like it as much it is a mess the truth
is it is a mess Hey and with Ana Rosa you will have
very  I was searching a little and I
see that always let's see if I can
put it on the screen I see that she always
still every time she remembers you she
remembers you with great affection no I mean you
have and still maintain a relationship with her
Yes I connect let's see that there I have
loved Alex you are a love always so
generous we continue to miss you Yes you
know that
was when I Let's see no I don't know
when it was the truth it doesn't have a date
I'm not onerous or I continue From a distance I
think that let's see it's true
as if they made several memories
several memories when you connected
with them look you are in Suelta
la sopa you think that as a correspondent
I connect that was the day that Crying I said
goodbye Ana Rosa my goodness Now
How many years has this been going on This was in 2017 it's been a while now
eh Imagine how chubby he
was there my God Yes kid
Yes that was that was in 2017 well every
almost every day I connect with Ana
Rosa you know then obviously we are
very much on a daily basis and in fact I don't know if you
remember a super nice moment from
a few months ago when already  She came back from
being home because of the
cancer she suffered from, they told me that she was
returning to television and just
last year I had the enormous luck of
being nominated for an Emmy Award for best
talent in the United States and I had the
enormous luck of being put on
all the screens at Tama Square
they called me to go there to take my picture
and the whole story Well, when
she joined in September I think it was on television at Telecinco after suffering from cancer I spoke to the people at Tam Square and this is going to go on for a week and I managed to put Ana Rosa's image everywhere so dark and
that's on Google because it went super
viral in all the newspapers you put it
there and I got them to
put her photo on all the
Sam Square screens and and they put
welcome Ana Rosa underneath and that was something super
viral and and I also got them to
do me a favor because it's very I mean to
come out very strong it could be millions of
dollars look there she is
look at
Ana Rosa's face she is speechless She receives a
tribute in Times Square of the  fight
against breast cancer Oh how beautiful I did
n't know this you it's that there are things that I have to
escape because there
are so many So you have a great
memory not of working with her and so on
no yes I It's that
look it was I worked I entered as a child to
the editorial office of the program of the rose and
I remember well like maybe you don't
that we were I was in Tenerife I
had it on television and I saw her
as the biggest thing that was on in the
morning then and that they put me to
work there next to her and discover that she
is one because maybe she can have an
image that I don't know for each one
suddenly the television transmits an
image Ana Rosa but the truth is that
whoever she is who knows her realizes
that she is the most normal woman in the world, I
mean suddenly she has Maybe you can
think of the image of the greatest finesse in the
world and nevertheless she is a she is a woman
who
with all the people of the team makes
very good relationships and at that
time they would gather us in the field and there would be
beer and with her hands and she would drink it and
we shared a
wonderful woman and And now and then  Well, she was
like my family back then. It's
really like I was with them for
so many years, so many years, and I never, never,
never remember a bad attitude on
Ana Rosa's part. She never lost her
temper, she never got angry with us, and
maybe it was justified at times,
but quite the opposite.
Always when I went down to the studio with
her, she always made really good
comments and she put us up as the best
for having gotten an exclusive.
So she would give us our place, she would give us
our name, and I am very, very,
very grateful to her. No, now she's going to
take over the afternoons. Also on Telecinco,
that was another thing that surprised me a
lot. Well, of course, on
Thursday, when I was with her
live, the day I'm telling you, she
was talking to her about Shakira, and I
told her. Well, I was excited. I want you to
know that Lana Rosa's program is ending
and that I'm going to miss you a lot,
and that for me it was a great school, and
that today I'm here thanks to you, and she
said, No, no, no, no, no, but please let everyone
know that I'm only going
downstairs, that I'm just changing the
schedule, but that everything continues, that the
morning is with Patricia.  brown and with clear
with my colleagues and that the only thing I'm
going to do is a change of schedule
old
that will occupy almost all day because
in the mornings it continues I don't understand of
course Not her but her program with another
name Joaquín and Patricia divide a
program of politics that she is going to host it
's like as if they are going to divide it
instead of calling it Ana Rosa the whole thing, well, a
part that is going to be the politics the
most serious news and then the little
political salseito that is going to direct it
terribly then that program ends
another one starts with Patricia brown and
Joaquín and then in the afternoon comes the afternoon
of the afternoon of Ana Rosa and how how do you
see Ana Rosa in the afternoon occupying me,
man, getting up early was very
hard and she always, she always
emphasized how hard it was to get up
at five in the morning because she was
a very sensible woman as we say here
of getting up and reading everything so well
maybe she's going to enjoy
this new schedule much more but as I say I
can't go into the evaluation and say it
seems terrible that they changed those
kinds of things  out of respect you will
surely continue connecting no yes no value
that because out of respect
first because Because I continue working
for them because I am very
grateful to them and because in the end
new people have arrived at a channel to
implement
something will they be doing this no and And yes I will
continue with them already they have already
told me to continue as a
correspondent I don't know at what time of
day but but well Before before
you go they are asking me
a lot in the chat about Nacho Polo and Víctor
Sandoval there apparently there La
Movida was like even more than here no no
here here nobody knows who Víctor
Sandoval is nor Nacho Polo that was a
really la la I mean on television no
they lived here for eight
years and I believed that it was like there like
a topic like here the rice And that
or rather he was like working there
No with you no no he spent many years
living here no they came from just that I
asked Víctor these days about that on
Friday No that that that story
became famous in Spain but the truth is
that Nacho Polo and Víctor were not
television personalities from here I think
he did something but not even on the
big channels like
Telemundo Univision I think
they never really
lived here because they were a couple and and
all that they lived was really
shown on Spanish television in Spain
but here it's nothing like that but I was just
telling Victor the other day I said Hey
how good that you're back How
good that you're back to Miami
and he basically told me what he told me I don't
know if I'm not going to It's okay to
tell it no but basically because I
say it because they tell it on reality but
basically he said I hate this city they were part
of my life this one says have you seen
Nacho Polo around here I say I swear I've been
living here for 8 years and I've never
seen him or once I think I saw him at an event
I say but then what does he do And how is it going and
no well my obsessed I have to
bring Victor Sandoval one day I have
to bring him one day the other day he followed me
on Instagram I had invited him too he was
very he was very the truth is he is a very
funny guy and he insinuated me Well everything that
he did everything that this guy did to him
that I don't know if  is it public or not but it
seemed to be very moving but look at you
here people think come on in
fact they didn't let me leave
without asking you like it was a
very recurring topic of the heart there the
topics of the heart are a little different
no I mean they are characters like more
of professions not a singer an actor
and here it's more like suddenly the cousin
of Chabelita's son the brother-in-law of Rocío
Jurado with the nephew suddenly becomes
famous one that has gone to Big Brother and
there not so much no there the heart very
different No we also do not have those
big families that there are in Spain with
those lineages with those with those surnames
so very big here really not like I
tell you almost all the people that
talk about for example Los Riberas yes they would be
a little bit the ones that have that name in
Mexico yes you find a lot of that you know
and in the United States we talk
a lot about the Mexican show business of those
great families of talent like the
Pinal Silvia Pinal let's say she was
the first great actress of Mexico and her
family example
Alejandra Alejandra Guzmán who like that I'm
sure you know her  no or for
example another family says yes but right now I ca
n't put a face to it Okay, so
Alejandra Guzmán who is a singer who
sang with Gloria Trevi then for
example a Mexican family that we
talk a lot about in the United States are the
Fernández who just passed away for
example Vicente Fernández his son is
Alejandro Fernández let's say they are the
great, the great families that we
also talk about in the United States
because they are the big names in
Mexico and as I tell you here in the United
States almost everyone almost all
Hispanics 80% of Hispanics are
Mexican but but of course then
suddenly we have a lot a lot of
reggaeton singers that we talk about daily about
almost I've been since almost and about Yailín to
talk about every day on television
until here you know yes I talk about that
yes I talk about that yes I do talk about Yailín the most
viral There I know
of yeri mua not on TV No
yes but on TV she is not with a
Spanish boy now that those are some
influencers that like have
a lot of followers and now of course they have
left lived Well now they are in
Mexico I think and the boy got into a
fight with all the cameras of yo  I
think it's from your network and from all over the school it
sounds familiar to me something at the airport
let's say he didn't have time
to kick the cameras punches and
hit the camera and they put him in
jail obviously he spent four days
in jail agreed but he's not a super
character but I do remember I remember that
but for example here we talk a lot about
now a singer So he's super
tight and super strong who is Mexican
also he's a featherweight which is like let's say
but he followed me the other day on Twitter
featherweight I
swear you're going to freak out look how I was like
saying Excuse me let's see I say
look featherweight
I said no
and of course I understand that this is him no
because look Kick follows him a
lot of people follow him How many millions
here does he have half a million on Twitter and
on Instagram
more it's
not the real one this account I imagine that it does have it
painted that it is verified
No yes but of course You know that you are
verified today Of course but I looked like he
has a lot of likes on each
Maybe a fan account eh but I said
Okay then Okay then more followed
featherweight type is right now it's the most
big that has come out right now here
Regional Mexican
is fused with urban music and it's
the most popular right now it's like the Bad
Bunny of Puerto Rico No well
this is like the Bad Bunny of Mexico
now a song with bizarrap this one is
also a guy who doesn't have a great voice In
fact I interviewed him a
while ago and I didn't like the voice he
had and in fact they always
criticized him he always said but he has
like he says he has a kind of
flow there he does what is called
correo tumbados which is a music
like regional Mexican fused
with urban music and that sounds very
good that is very popular and is super popular
And he is one of those artists who now no longer
want to do television they don't want to
do any kind of interviews that no I'm not
going to say
that today on television but he's like
Bad Bunny if they have to give a
statement they want the cameras to chase them they
don't want them to ask him questions not
that they are behind him and he hates that they
hate journalists they hate
cameras they hate television and when they
speak to the press it's through
their likes and their  social networks and that's a
strong point because of course
because there are journalists and there are journalists
there are journalists who do their job
well and then there are people who unfortunately
sometimes pay just for sinners
but
they bother them they get involved maybe because
what you
told me for example is not the same,
not like you have certain lines not when it comes to
commenting on gossip and the
heart like for example today
Kiko Hernández's comment was outraged because he was wearing
glasses and it seemed like he was
going I don't know what, I don't know how much that here for
example you know it's very common
Well not in all programs Of course in
some
not so much and also in the United States a
place where there are so many
lawsuits you know and that kind of thing
then one is very measured when
speaking that I understand that that is an
opinion But if you are going to pay attention if you are going to
understand that something serious then it could be
in the end I don't know what more lawsuit
there here here also the issue of
lawsuits these people take moment there
too but here here the lawsuits are in the
millions it's crazy to get crazy it's not
crazy we take great care of ourselves
when speaking  you know and
people don't like that aggressiveness I feel in
the in the on the screen it has
been very good for me to be very
direct but I don't usually go to those
extremes
Well come on so a pleasure to meet you man you
are a delight and thank you very much for
coming above all know that we are here
for whatever you need anything
and congratulations because in the end what you
're doing is I mean I saw you the other
day I
saw you another day because they sent me
people here from the United States and
Latin America they told me Hey they're
talking about you on this channel
they contacted a lot of people Or what well
like five or six people wrote to me and
I didn't I didn't know about the existence of your
channel and
I said Wow well in the end it's the future it's
the networks I know you're doing very well and
well it's another medium I'm trying to convert this little by little into another medium as we grow Well let's see if we can do things that go further but yes another medium of course in the end things evolve no Well they evolve to such an extent that it's very likely that one day on your on
your channel they'll see you more than on a
national television program and
of course Dani Yes yes that happens for
example here in the United States in Los
Angeles there are several people who
have their their channel like you and
talking about showbiz and the gossip press
and they are watched more than other
programs at a national level in the United
States Yes, I mean there are also
YouTubers no I mean YouTubers and they have And
what audience do they have I mean are you
telling me that more than TV it's an
outrage because you see millions of
people on their channel Yes yes yes millions millions millions it
's one and suddenly you
see that the last program they
did because I think they do it
daily the last thing they did maybe you
see that they just did it and they have
400,000 views and likes it
's not that you know what happens that there in There
where you live it
is more accepted because I have
two themes I have two audiences there is
this gossip channel which is where
the gossip press and the news on
TV and so on touched people's hearts and then I have been doing it for seven
years which is where I started doing like
gossip and gossip but in the
world of influencers of
YouTubers And that and those who  They are higher
up here in Spain, those who are more
famous here in Spain, so it's like they
put a lot of obstacles in the way of those of us who
do this, it's like
a mantra has been created, like it's frowned upon, you
know. So it's like, of
course, it's complicated. Well, when I was
doing television on Telecinco,
suddenly back then, up until
eight years ago when I was just starting to stand
out a little more on Instagram and
whatever, I would do some stories and
my colleagues saw me as the Geek
that you do, doing a story here in
advertising for the program Ana Rosa con and she's
doing a story there with them,
eh. And we're connected and they saw us as
a bit like the worst. No, yes, but yes, but it
's not in fact that because of course they are
people who also dedicate themselves to this. Only
maybe to video games,
to making series and things like that. And it
's like they
criminalize the type of content that
we make, I mean, Oh, it's that you're
on YouTube bringing the sálvame, bringing
the heart, bringing the gossip and here we don't
want that and I don't know what. And of course, why
because maybe they do things,
imagine, suddenly I was going
does a simpa in a restaurant I'm
making it up and I take it and talk about it
So it's like they don't accept and they're not
interested in the existence of channels like mine
so it's like we're always there with it frowned upon
like the outcasts you
know and little by little we're
trying to grow of course
only new celebrities now the famous one is not
the one that appears it's not the one that appears in the
magazine Hola it's the one that's the youtuber
next door it's the influencer Those are the
new celebrities and so on There it goes everything so
suddenly being one of the
first to do that kind of things
being advanced today can make it so that
in a little while when everyone does it
you'll be number one so
nothing I'm still around then Ale a
real pleasure to tell you to meet you and I
tell you from the heart for anything you
need there you have my contact now and
we are in contact we are in contact
with Miami
kiss
there there that you didn't know there well family
a Charming eh a Charming Alex
a charming
very Cool very Cool the boy
Yes yes I liked it a lot I liked him
very much Well I
don't know if Miami  confirmed Well I do
n't know if I do
n't know if I should continue with the live or go
rest for a while and then go more
kids I don't know I don't know kids I don't know what I'm
going to do family I don't know Oh look
Alex has come in Hi have you regretted
leaving do you want to stay with us I
said no it can't it can't be this guy how
rude I say he didn't let me
say goodbye or what happened My
connection got dropped nothing It cut out on you It cut out on you and
I said Oh no it's not coming out it's not coming out well
they should rest and bye a kiss
okay a kiss nice to meet you man
and nice that you were here a
hug he was stuck he was stuck I
thought that I
thought he couldn't go out and I kicked him out and I took him out I loved it I loved it I
loved it this man
super nice super nice super
nice the truth is
about the plane Sara is true I
forgot to ask about the plane But
well it didn't come out it's okay it's okay